[LOGO SOUND]
>> This week on Gaia, on "Open
Minds with Regina Meredith"--
>> We're not alone.
There is life all
over the place.
>> All over.
>> Potentially every kind of
lifeform that you can think
of and even you cannot think of.
So if you want to make contact
to intelligent being that
lives outside of
this reality, you
have to somehow compress
frequencies in a way
that you can
directly access them.
>> On "Beyond Belief
with George Noory"--
>> My life's work based off
of my astrology is to restore
beauty, love, and
unity on the planet.
>> Nothing wrong with that.
>> And that was when I had
a light bulb that went ding.
Blue.
People say things all the time.
Words lie all the time.
Energy, energy never lies.
>> On "Cosmic Disclosure"--
>> Government and the military
have jumped into this full
blast, and you don't hear
the word UFO anymore.
>> As everything in the
universe is connected,
it's necessary for the
consciousness of people on this
planet to be informed about
what they are, where they are,
and how to deal with that.
>> The one group that you
can't control is the ETs.
>> On a new "Into the
Vortex with Jimmy Church"--
>> What is in the Wilson Davis
notes about there being crash
retrievals, a reverse
engineering program,
existing craft in
our possessions.
I mean, that is
absolutely explosive.
In the UFO research
community, we always
knew the cover up had
become a corporate secret.
If this is so, a congressional
investigation has to happen.
>> New series.
>> In my life,
I've known courage.
I've known it was there, and
I've known when it's gone.
>> New series.
>> We all dream every night
whether we remember or not.
In order to start bringing
back these experiences intact,
it's critical to instill
some foundational practices--
extracting data, living
lucidly, reality checking,
practicing mild daily.
>> Only on Gaia.